What are you?
I am a renowned kidney transplant specialist
The success rate of surgery is 100%.
Never miss
People give nicknames to a knife
A knife is a knife that hurts people, right?
I'll break your knife today.
How dare you brag about folding my knife?
I think your body is itchy
I'm afraid your body is itchy
You dare to hand me a knife
You still have some use
Go away
I will naturally use more in a while
What are you doing? Give me my glasses back
Ah!
How dare you hit me?
Do you know why you took off your glasses?
Because it's easier to hit you
You still have a bit of a roll
Poison Woman
Don't come here
Do not come
Madam, don't come here
It's your turn.
Master Chen, we have already checked
Chen Santai suffered a major ideological shock
Physical torture
The whole person is afraid that it will not work.